**Privacy Policy**

This privacy policy applies to the Theatre Keeper app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by Esmee Kluijtmans (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Free service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

Last updated: 13 January 2026

**Information Collection and Use**

If permission is granted by the user, the Application collects anonymous usage data. This data is collected to improve the functionality and user experience of the Application. This data includes:
- Screens of the Application that you have visited
- Actions that are executed within the Application
- Day / Time and how long the Application has been used
- Country / Region of the user - not the precise location of the user's mobile device
- OS and OS version of the device the Application is run on
- Crash traces

To gather this information we make use of:
- Firebase Crashlytics
- Firebase / Google Analytics

If no permission is granted, none of this data is collected.

Registration is not required to use the Application.

**App Store Data**

Please note that app stores (Google Play Store, Apple App Store) may collect their own usage data according to their respective privacy policies.

**Third Party Access**

If permission is granted by the user, only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid the Service Provider in improving the Application and their service. The Service Provider may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.

Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policy about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Application:

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
*   [Google Analytics for Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy)
*   [Firebase Crashlytics](https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/)

**Opt-out rights**

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by refusing the approval to collect anonymous information via the Application's menu, or by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

**Data Retention Policy**

Anonymous usage data collected by the Application will be stored for a maximum of 14 months and will then be automatically deleted. Anonymous crash data will be stored for a maximum of 90 days. Any information you have entered via the app (like a visit), will be stored on your own device for as long as you keep the app installed.

**Children**

The Application is not used to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. The Service Provider encourages all children to never submit any personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services. The Service Provider encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personally identifiable information through the Application and/or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personally identifiable information to the Service Provider through the Application and/or Services, please contact the Service Provider (dev.esmee.kluijtmans@gmail.com) so that they will be able to take the necessary actions.

**Security**

The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information the Service Provider processes and maintains.

**Changes**

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to their Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 3rd of December 2025.

**Your Consent**

By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by the Service Provider.

**Contact**

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at dev.esmee.kluijtmans@gmail.com.

* * *

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/) and adjusted where necessary by the Service Provider.
